This release raises the minimum boto3 version to 1.36.0 in order to include the [S3 default request/response integrity check changes](https://github.com/boto/boto3/issues/4392).

Users using the S3 storage provider with alternative S3-compatible storage services should set the `request_checksum_calculation` and `response_checksum_validation` storage provider options to `when_required`.

SwiftStack users can switch from the S3 storage provider (`type: s3`) to the SwiftStack storage provider (`type: s8k`) which automatically applies these options.

- Log error types in S3 storage provider.
- Fix `glob()` for the AIStore storage provider.
- Make request/response integrity checks configurable for the S3 storage provider. Raise the minimum and uncap the boto3 version.
- Make Rclone SwiftStack configuration use the SwiftStack storage provider.
- Add `endpoint_url` option for the GCS storage provider.
- Rename `secret_key_id` Rclone S3 configuration to `secret_access_key`.
- Add `strict` option to `lsdir()` in `os.path` adapter.
- Retry on 503 Service Unavailable errors in S3 storage provider.
- Add `strict` option to `MultiStorageClient.get_object_metadata()`.
- Stop trying to parse object last access time in AIStore storage provider.
- Make pickling errors clearer.
- Replace `storage_provider` with `storage_client` in `ObjectFile`.
- Remove cache load factor.
- Support any-size object copies in GCS storage provider.
- Fix cache lockfile cleanup.
- Make connection concurrency and timeouts configurable for the S3 storage provider.
